Mr. Jiang, I want 1 million
Are you kidding me?
What you and your prostitute did in the study
If I tell Ms. Han Yun, will she be able to take it?
Even if you don't care what Han Yun thinks
Then your beloved whore
How should I face my mother?
So this is 1 million
Give me this thing to rot in my stomach
Don't worry, Mr. Jiang
My mouth is the strictest
Thank you Mr. Jiang
Xiaoya
Let's cancel the moon
Why? We've agreed.
I figured it out.
We are not suitable
No.
Now everyone knows we're getting married
You came to me at this time and said it was inappropriate
Are you crazy?
I'm not crazy.
I'm just being true to my heart
Are you in love with someone else? I don't.
I just don't want to get married right now
You'd better not let me know that you like someone else
Otherwise, I won't let him go
Aunt Fin, what are you doing here?
Ah, I'm just here to hang out
hang out
How can you hang around here and buy so many things?